Welcome to the setup video.
In this video I’m going to walk you through
getting setup with our starting code.
There’s 2 ways you can go about starting
a new project.
The first way is to install the Angular CLI
tool, which is a command line interface for
generating new applications and can be found
here at cli.angular.io.
What you do is first download the CLI through
your terminal and then you can use these easy
commands to create new projects.
This looks like an amazing tool that’s still
being developed but I encourage you to check
it out and see what their generated code looks
like.
The second way is to download or clone some
starter code such as the code given to us
by angular.
The link to official starter template can
be found in the setup portion of the Guide
at angular.io.
Angular tells us that we can either clone
or download to get going.
So this code here in the angular repo is almost
the same as what I’m supplying you with
both in the resources section of this lecture
as well as in my repo in the starter folder
at jakblak/learn-angular-2.
The only main difference will be how updated
the package.json file is, as Angular works
to keep pushing out new updates.
When we open the starter folder it looks like
this.
Using this setup we only need to do 2 things
to get going.
First, we navigate to the location of our
folder in our terminal and type the command
‘npm install’.
This will download all of the dependencies
that we need in order get going.
And once everything has finished downloading,
we then type ‘npm start’.
This will load up our starter application
in a browser.
This will also enable live reloading, so that
when make a change to our code and save the
file, our code gets re-compiled and changes
automatically refreshed inside the browser.
The code that’s making this happen is located
inside the package.json file at the top under
scripts.
Along with starting up our app inside a browser
and enabling live reloading, this script is
also compiles our typescript into javascript
files.
So for every typescript file there is a corresponding
ES5 javascript file.
And these javascript files are the ones that
are being loaded up and read by the browser.
Besides that, there’s quite a bit going
on inside of these starter files.
So I’ve moved all further explanations of
what these files do inside of the last section
in this course entitled Setup Revisited.